feat: uniform layout and naming of hints, remarks, exceptions (#660) (#860)
zalando/restful-api-guidelines: chapters/data-formats.adoc

| `string` | `regex` | regular expressions as defined in {ECMA-262}[ECMA 262] | `"^[a-z0-9]+$"`
|=====================================================================

> NOTE: Formats `bigint` and `decimal` have been added to the OpenAPI defined formats --

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The formats `bigint` and `decimal` have been added to the numeric formats defined by OpenAPI --
```
